DOCS-3355: Update visualize.md for time series widget upgrades (#3835)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/data-ai/data/visualize.md

Click **Add widget** and select the appropriate widget for your machine.
Repeat as many times as necessary.

> Click **Add widget** and add a **GPS** widget for a movement sensor, a **stat** widget for a sensor, and a **time series** widget for any component that supports data capture.

Author: ```suggestion
Click **Add widget** and add a **GPS** widget for a movement sensor, a **stat** widget for a sensor, and a **time series** widget for any component that supports data capture capturing numeric data.
```

> Click **Add widget** and add a **GPS** widget for a movement sensor, a **stat** widget for a sensor, and a **time series** widget for any component that supports capturing numeric data.

Author: ```suggestion
Click **Add widget** and add a **GPS** widget for any position-reporting sensor, a **stat** widget for current readings from a sensor, or a **time series** widget to graph data for any component that supports capturing numeric data.
```
double checked with zach and this is gps, wheeled odometry, and also any custom modular implementation-- anything that reports GetPosition. Stat is still just sensor but that will change eventually.

Reviewer: Great, LGTM!

> Click **Add widget** and add a **GPS** widget for a movement sensor, a **stat** widget for a sensor, and a **time series** widget for any component that supports capturing numeric data.

Author: double checked with zach and this is gps, wheeled odometry, and also any custom modular implementation-- anything that reports GetPosition. Stat is still just sensor but that will change eventually.
